What else?
Crape myrtle
In our family, there is only one boy in your generation, Concubine Lin.
You said that if Concubine Lin was gone
Our little guy is dead
Grandma was wrong.
Just persuade
Grandma will kneel down for you
Grandma, how could you betray me?
Boss, what are you doing?
This gets grandma up.
We really can't afford it.
To save Concubine Lin
I would rather live my life
I would too
Okay, we're still family after all
Just save us, okay?
OK
You first
You wake up first
Ah, is grandma alright?
Come and sit
Yeah.
Now that it's alright
The eyes will continue.
Hey.
Why didn't Xiaojun come?
Excuse me, grandma, I'm out to do something
Delayed for a while
husband
What's more important than having dinner with grandma?
Grandma Yanjing Shen Family Miss Shen Hanshuang
Come to our market